docs(aria-busy): add intro paragraph explaining aria-busy purpose and use cases (#39854)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/reference/attributes/aria-busy/index.md

sidebar: accessibilitysidebar
---

> The `aria-busy` attribute is a global ARIA state that indicates whether an element is currently being modified. It helps assistive technologies understand that content is not yet ready to be read or announced. While `aria-busy` is commonly used in [ARIA live regions](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Guides/Live_regions) to delay announcements until updates are complete, it can also be used outside of live regions—for example, in widgets or feeds—to signal ongoing changes or loading.

Reviewer: Actually there is a subtle difference here that assistive technologies "may want to wait" vs "is not yet ready to be read or announced" - i.e. clearly in the first case the assistive technologies are being given an option. Since I don't know if that is important I'm reverting that emphasis.

```suggestion
The `aria-busy` attribute is a global ARIA state that indicates whether an element is currently being modified.
It helps assistive technologies understand that changes to the content is not yet complete, and that they may want to wait before informing users of the update.
While `aria-busy` is commonly used in [ARIA live regions](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Guides/Live_regions) to delay announcements until updates are complete, it can also be used outside of live regions—for example, in widgets or feeds—to signal ongoing changes or loading.
```
